Capstone project scenario overview: Working for Salifort Motors     
About the company
Salifort Motors is a fictional French-based alternative energy vehicle manufacturer. Its global workforce of over 100,000 employees research, design, construct, validate, and distribute electric, solar, algae, and hydrogen-based vehicles. Salifort’s end-to-end vertical integration model has made it a global leader at the intersection of alternative energy and automobiles.        

Your business case
As a data professional working for Salifort Motors, you have received the results of a recent employee survey. The senior leadership team has tasked you with analyzing the data to come up with ideas for how to increase employee retention. To help with this, they would like you to design a model that predicts whether an employee will leave the company based on their  department, number of projects, average monthly hours, and any other data points you deem helpful. 

The value of your deliverable
For this deliverable, you are asked to choose a method to approach this data challenge based on your prior course work. Select either a regression model or a tree-based machine learning model to predict whether an employee will leave the company. Both approaches are shown in the project exemplar, but only one is needed to complete your project.

The capstone project will provide you with valuable experience and data analysis examples that you can share with potential employers.

Key takeaways
Your capstone project will enable you to apply your newly developed advanced data analytics skills and knowledge, showcase your skills to prospective employers, and present what you have learned from the Grow with Google Advanced Data Analytics Certificate. Providing examples from projects such as the capstone project is an excellent way to demonstrate your data analytics abilities. The end results from the capstone project greatly strengthen your resume and make you a more competitive candidate for data analytics positions.